Update Redis docs for high availability and backup features (#2191)
aiven/devportal: docs/products/redis/concepts/high-availability-redis.rst

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1
    :widths: 20 20 30 30 10

    * - Plan

>       - Nodes configuration

Reviewer: Suggestion: "Node configuration"

      - Backup features
      - Backup history
    * - **Hobbyist**
      - Single-node
      - Limited availability. No automatic failover.
      - Single backup only for disaster recovery.
      - N/A
    * - **Startup**
      - Single-node
      - Limited availability. No automatic failover.
      - Automatic backups to a remote location.
      - 1 day
    * - **Business**
      - Two-node (primary + standby)
      - High availability with automatic failover to a standby node if the primary fails.
      - Automatic backups to a remote location.
      - 3 days
    * - **Premium**
      - Three-node (primary + standby + standby)
      - Enhanced high availability with automatic failover among multiple standby nodes if the primary fails.
      - Automatic backups to a remote location.
      - 13 days
    * - **Custom**
      - Custom configurations
      - Custom high availability and failover features based on user requirements.
      - Custom backup features based on user requirements.
      - Custom based on user requirements

Check out our `Plans & Pricing <https://aiven.io/pricing?product=redis>`_ page for more information. 

Failure handling
----------------

> - **Minor failures**: Aiven automatically handles minor failures, such as service process crashes or temporary loss of network access, without any significant changes to the service deployment. In all plans, the service instantly restores normal operation by automatically restarting the crashed process or restoring the network access once available.

Reviewer: Is "instantly" technically correct?

> - **Severe failure**: In case of severe hardware or software problems, such as losing an entire node, it requires more drastic recovery measures. An entire node (virtual machine) may be lost due to hardware failure or a severe software issue. Aiven's monitoring infrastructure automatically detects a failing node when it reports problems with its self-diagnostics or stops communicating altogether. The monitoring infrastructure then schedules the creation of a new replacement node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Severe failures**: In case of severe hardware or software problems, such as losing an entire node, more drastic recovery measures are required. Aiven's monitoring infrastructure automatically detects a failing node when it reports problems with its self-diagnostics or stops communicating altogether. The monitoring infrastructure then schedules the creation of a new replacement node.
```

Reviewer: I think the word "drastic" could be replaced, maybe with something like "robust"? This bullet point could be pared back a little, too, overall; just as a suggestion: "In case of severe hardware or software problems, Aiven's monitoring infrastructure automatically detects a failing node through its self-diagnostics or if it stops communicating altogether. The monitoring infrastructure then schedules the creation of a replacement node."

.. Note::

>         In case of database failover, your service's **Service URI** remains the same—only the IP address changes to point to the new master node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        In case of database failover, your service's **Service URI** remains the same—only the IP address changes to point to the new primary node.
```

> Highly available business, premium and custom service plans

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Highly available business, premium, and custom service plans
```

Reviewer: Not my personal preference, but I think we agreed to use the Oxford comma?

------------------------------------------------------------

> If a Redis node fails and is a **standby**, node, the **primary** node continues to run normally, providing uninterrupted service to client applications. Once a new replacement standby node is ready and synchronized with the main, it replicates it in real time until the situation returns to normal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a Redis node fails and is a standby node, the primary node continues to run normally, providing uninterrupted service to client applications. Once a new replacement standby node is ready and synchronized with the primary, it replicates it in real time until the situation returns to normal.
```

> When the failed node is a Redis **primary**, the combined information from the Aiven monitoring infrastructure and the standby node is used to make a failover decision. The standby node is promoted as the new primary and immediately serves clients. A new replacement node is automatically scheduled and becomes the new standby node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the failed node is a Redis*primary, the combined information from the Aiven monitoring infrastructure and the standby node is used to make a failover decision. The standby node is promoted as the new primary and immediately serves clients. A new replacement node is automatically scheduled and becomes the new standby node.
```

> If both the **primary** and **standby** nodes fail simultaneously, new nodes will be created automatically to take their place as the new primary and standby. However, this process will involve some degree of data loss since the primary node will be restored from the most recent backup available. Therefore, any writes made to the database since the last backup will be lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both the **primary** and **standby** nodes fail simultaneously, new nodes will be created automatically to take their place as the new primary and standby. However, this process involves some degree of data loss since the primary node is restored from the most recent backup available. Therefore, any writes made to the database since the last backup will be lost.
```

Reviewer: Made a suggestion to just change a couple of these to use present tense to fit with style guide since it seems appropriate in those two particular cases (but would not be in all cases in this paragraph).
